Update README.md (#1)
danvaleroso/how-to-use-dxtagbox-as-filter-for-column-with-multiple-values: README.md

# Grid for Blazor - How to use the DxTagBox control as a filter for a column with multiple values

> This example demonstrates how to use the [DxTagBox](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxTagBox-2) control in the [DxGridDataColumn.FilterRowCellTemplate](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxGridDataColumn.FilterRowCellTemplate) to filter the column with multiple values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to use the [DxTagBox](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxTagBox-2) control in the [DxGridDataColumn.FilterRowCellTemplate](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxGridDataColumn.FilterRowCellTemplate) to filter the column by multiple values.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69251191/180018055-298229e1-745b-46b7-984f-592c7d486e1e.png)

> The main idea is to handle the [DxTagBox](http://docs.devexpress.devx/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxTagBox-2)' [ValuesChanged](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxTagBox-2.ValuesChanged) event to set the "context.FilterCriteria" to a custom filter criteria. This custom filter criteria is created depending on DxTagBox' selected values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main idea is to handle the [DxTagBox](http://docs.devexpress.devx/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxTagBox-2) [ValuesChanged](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxTagBox-2.ValuesChanged) event to set the "context.FilterCriteria" to a custom filter criteria. This custom filter criteria is created depending on the selected values of DxTagBox.
```
